Add developer guide (#186)
streamnative/pulsar-manager: docs/developer-guide.md

* Add a new tenant

```
PUT /admin/v2/tenants/{tenantName}
```

2. Define a service interface.

Service is used to implement business logic and add interface.
Here, the `TenantsService` interface is added under the service folder.

![tenants-service](img/tenants-service.png)

3. Implement a service interface.

Here, aggregate data queried from brokers.

![tenants-service-impl](img/tenants-service-impl.png)

4. Add a test under the test folder, mock data and verify results.

![tenants-service-impl-test](img/tenants-service-impl-test.png)

5. Develop RESTful features.

Add a `TenantsController` file under the controller folder to add an API to obtain the tenant list.
In the following class you can add some description information, error response, etc.

![tenants-controller](img/tenants-controller.png)

## Frontend

The frontend is developed based on [vue-element-admi](https://panjiachen.github.io/vue-element-admin-site/guide/) and [Element](https://element.eleme.cn/#/en-US).
The development of the frontend is [here](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-manager/tree/master/front-end/src/views/management).

![frontend-code](img/frontend-code.png)

> The frontend code structure is shown as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The frontend code structure is shown as above.
```

Does this sentence explain the image above?

* api: code of RESTful API icons
* router: code of frontend routings
* lang: code of multiple languages
* views: code of front pages

### Develop a page

1. Add a RESTful API interface.

> The RESTful interface is defined below the folder api. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RESTful interface is defined in the `api` folder. 
```
Do you mean this?

# Pulsar Manager Developer's Guide

Pulsar Manager is a web-based GUI management and monitoring tool that helps administrators and users manage and monitor tenants, namespaces, topics, subscriptions, brokers, clusters, and so on, and supports dynamic configuration of multiple environments.

![architecture](img/pulsar-manager-architecture.png)

The figure above illustrates how does Pulsar Manager work and how it manages multiple Pulsar environments. The Pulsar Manager comprises two parts: frontend and backend.

## Backend

Development tools used in the backend are listed below:

* Spring-boot 
* Mybatis
* PageHelper
* Swagger2
* Zuul

The code structure of the backend is shown below.

![backend-code](img/pulsar-manager-backend-code.png)

> The backend configuration file is [here](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-manager/blob/master/src/main/resources/application.properties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The backend configuration file is [here](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-manager/blob/master/src/main/resources/application.properties).
```

Reviewer: Currently, it looks like:  

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/64432668-9231a900-d0ef-11e9-9049-6546b07207fd.png)

> The database schema is defined [here](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-manager/blob/master/src/main/resources/META-INF/sql/mysql-schema.sql)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The database schema is defined [here](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-manager/blob/master/src/main/resources/META-INF/sql/mysql-schema.sql)
```

> Add new RESTful api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add new RESTful API
```

Restful api defines the specification. If the RESTful api needs backend processing, it needs to be prefixed with pulsar-manager. If you want to directly forward the request to the broker, you can directly define it according to the specification of Pulsar RESTful api.

> Let's take a new tenant as an example to illustrate how to develop in pulsar manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take a new tenant as an example to illustrate how to develop in the Pulsar Manager project.
```

1. Define a RESTful api
Restful api that requires backend processing
List all tenants
GET /pulsar-manager/admin/v2/tenants
     (2) Restful api directly forwarded to a broker
Add a new tenant
PUT /admin/v2/tenants/{tenantName}

> 

Reviewer: The format is incorrect, please adjust it.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/64432870-f2284f80-d0ef-11e9-87ed-57a943836d80.png)

2. Define a service interface.
Service is used to implement business logic and add interface.
Here, the `TenantsService` interface is added under the service folder.

![tenants-service](img/tenants-service.png)

3. Implement a service interface.

> Here, some aggregation is done for the data queried from broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, aggregate data queried from brokers.
```

> 

Reviewer: Please set the contents in the red box to new paragraphs to make things more clear.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/64432957-1ab04980-d0f0-11e9-8b09-4054f102e3e1.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/64433182-88f50c00-d0f0-11e9-8978-64aeb2700f84.png)

![tenants-service-impl](img/tenants-service-impl.png)

> 4. Add a test a test under the test folder, mock data and verify results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add a test under the test folder, mock data and verify results.
```

![tenants-service-impl-test](img/tenants-service-impl-test.png)

5. Develop RESTful features.

> Add a `TenantsController` file under the controller folder to add an api to obtain the tenant list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `TenantsController` file under the controller folder to add an API to obtain the tenant list.
```

> In the following class you can add some description information, error response, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following class, you can add some descriptions, error responses, and so on.
```

> 

Reviewer: same layout issue:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/64433334-da9d9680-d0f0-11e9-9267-19ba9fa7729f.png)

![tenants-controller](img/tenants-controller.png)

## Frontend

The frontend is developed based on [vue-element-admi](https://panjiachen.github.io/vue-element-admin-site/guide/) and [Element](https://element.eleme.cn/#/en-US).
The development of the frontend is [here](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-manager/tree/master/front-end/src/views/management).

> 

Reviewer: move line 65-69 here

![frontend-code](img/frontend-code.png)

The frontend code structure is shown as below.

> * api: code of RESTful API icons: code of icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* api: code of RESTful API icons
```

* router: code of frontend routings
* lang: code of multiple languages
* views: code of front pages

### Develop a page

1. Add a RESTful API interface.

> The RESTful interface is defined below the folder api. 

Reviewer: The RESTful interface is defined below the folder api.

what's the meaning of "is defined below the folder api"?

Author: https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-manager/tree/master/front-end/src/api Restful API folder at the front end.

![tenants-api](img/tenants-api.png)

2. Add a new page.
Add a new page [here](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-manager/tree/master/front-end/src/views/management). 
For example, [this](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-manager/blob/master/front-end/src/views/management/tenants/index.vue) is a tenant page. )

3. Localization

> You can add  multiple languages to the corresponding configuration folder under the `lang` folder.

Reviewer: the same layout issue

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/64433574-57c90b80-d0f1-11e9-94fe-83c9d1caf9b7.png)

Reviewer: Any thoughts on this layout issue?
